Team Extreme Questions:
	do the survey questions need to be displayed one at a time or should they be in groups?
	Do the questions need to be individualized, perhaps by category (male/female)?
	Would it be useful to be able to add questions tailored to an individual?
	Assuming that some clients will be older, should there be a minimum font size or other 
		visual needs to keep in mind.
	If a patient misses a day filling out the survey, should they be able to go back and fill it in?
	Will a patient need to change information from a previous day?
	Where is the client going to use the app, at home, in the doctor's office ect?
	Who is using the app, patients? nurses? doctors? ect?
	What age range are the clients using the app likely to be?
	Will the patients have knowledge of smartphone/touch apps?
	Will the app need a tutorial?
	Will the clients be using a stylus or finger?
	
We want to summarize what the program needs to do, is there anything we have missed?
	1) deliver media, visual,audio and pdf data
	2) homework, lessons, and surveys
	3) record what the patient does
	4) the results must be visible to doctors
	5) a section to record exercise data
 should be able to enter different info: at home info, food surveys
doctor access a web page to get info access.









SUmmary of client needs:

1) patient interface:
		Patient will have acess to online lessons
			app should track which lessons they have accessed
		Patient access to online audio files
			app should also track this use
		Patient surrveys
		Patient food log?
		Patient can enter excercise info
2) Heartworks session
		Care provider should be able to fill in patient excercise  		info
			Ideally under 2 minutes to fill out
			this should replace current paper forms

3) Data access
		Care providers should be able to access patient database
			individual and aggregate


points to remember:
	
	Keep font size large
	must be password protected, easy to recover password
	10" and 7" screen
	patient might not have full 12 weeks
		
